ews mail sender: support old exchange servers (#11125)
demisto/content: Packs/EWSMailSender/ReleaseNotes/1_1_1.md

#### Integrations
##### EWS Mail Sender

> - Fixed a regression were the integration was failing to connect to old versions of Exchange, which are still using TLS1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a regression where the integration was failing to connect to old versions of Exchange, which are still using TLS1.0.
```

> - Fixed a regression where the integration was failing to connect to old versions of Exchange, which are still using TLS1.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a regression where the integration was failing to connect to older versions of Exchange, which still use TLS1.0.
```
